Chatbot name
E chat.

Who controls you
I am a chatbot controlled by my admin.

can you help me
yes, what can I do for you.

I need admission at vidya
ofcourse i will.

Thank you
welcome.

how can you help me
ask anything  to me related to admission details in vidya .i will try to help you.

what question can I ask
you can enquire about vidya college for admission.

from where do you get information
iam a machine,i can get information from anywhere.

how can i get admission in vidya college
admission in our college is transparent.no capitation fee or donation is collected.admission is based on merit.For more details contact administrative office.

how can i contact the administrative office 
you can contact administrative office in  phone 8281795555 or via email vidyaacademy@ac.in .

what are the eligibility criteria to join the course
to which course do you want to join.

Btech details and contact
minimum qualification is plus two ,please contact 8281795555.

Mtech
minimum qualification is btech,please contact 8281595555.

Mca
minimum qualification is bca or diploma in computer science and engineering, please contact 8281395555.

which all branches are there in the college for under graduation
civil engineering,computer science and engineering,elecrtical And elctronics engineering,electronics And communication engineering,mechanical engineering,production engineering,department of computer application,department of applied science,humanities,physical education.

what is the minimum qualification required to join  in the college
to which course do you wish to join.

details for engineering admission
student has to complete higher secondary education to join undergraduation.Lateral entry students has to complete diploma course and can join second year.

what is the fee structure
fee structrue varies for every courses .conatct administrative office for more details. Phone number 91 4885 288366.

what are the available courses
b.tech,m.tech,mca,applied science.

whether hostel facilities provided by the college
hostel facilities are provided in the college campus itself for girls and boys,If you want to know more details about hostel facilities,contact our office .

Are all courses university- affiliated or university recognized
all courses are university-affiliated.

Current university
A P J KTU.

what are the students clubs
campus connect,national service schme,sports and games,entrepreneurship  development club and  start-up,rotaract club,green club,research and development cell,vidya student support cell,sargaa,sameeksha,upasana , energy  conservation cell,vidya literary and debate club.

Is the college clubs are mandatory to join
no mandatory .student can join if interested. 

medical aids provided in the college
medical services are provided inside campus in case of emergency.doctor And staff nurse are 	always available for aids.

Is there college uniform for students
it is mandatory to wear college uniform  everyday except friday and other declared events days.All must wear id card everyday inside campus.

Is there parking facilities inside college
parking facilities are provided inside college campus.

will there be any financial assistance provided
banking services are offered on-campus by the indian overseas bank.

will college provide internet facilities
college provides internet facilities for students to perform educational activities.

is it possible to join engineering without writing KEAM
No ,we do not provide admission  for students who have not appeared for KEAM.

whether it is possible to join second year btech after completing diploma
yes you can.still you have to appear for LET exam.

whether it is possible to join second year btech without writing KEAM
No, we do not provide second year admission  for students who have not appeared for LET.

is there any other branch for the college anywhere
vict, it divison thrissur , vidya @kilimanoor.

where IT divison is located
thrissur.

LET
lateral entrance admission is provided for all branch courses.If you need admission please contact our admin office.

what is the eligibility criteria for lateral entry joining
diploma completion.

is there any fee structure variation for let admission
fee structrue varies for courses .conatct administrative office for more details.Phone number 4885-288366.

whether college provide appropraite library facilities
college central library and department libraries are functioning well for students.

Is there any technical workshops conducted in the college
technical workshops are conducted to improve excellence in students and teachers .

whether college provide banking facilities
banking services are offered on-campus by indian overseas bank.

where it is located
nearby college itself.

whether canteen facility is there in college
canteen and cafeteria is functioning in the college campus itself.you can have food any time there during college working days.

whether college supports short term courses
college provides short term courses for the students (such as ddugky).If you want to know more details,then you can contact our administrative office.

infrastructure of college
multipurpose auditorium,solar power plant,biogas plant,substation and generator,rain water 	harvesting system,banking,ups canteen,co-operative  store,hostel,computation,transportation and so on.

physical education programs provided
facilities for games such as basket ball,cricket,football,volley ball,handball and indoor games like table tennis,badminton,chess and carrom.Gymnasiums with sophisticated fitness equipment.

is there college ground nearby college
ofcourse,college ground is about 10m away from campus. 

whether college conducts any certification programs
technical workshops are conducted as certification programs.

which all branches are there in the college for post graduation
computer science and engineering,civil engineering,electronics And communication engineering,electrical and electronics engineering